remove the 'mkdir /var/opt/redislabs' from docs (#304)
RedisGears/RedisGears: docs/quickstart.md

## Building

### Prerequisites
* Install build-essential:

```

> sudo apt-get install build-essential

Author: @itamarhaber maybe I should remove this as its os specific?

Reviewer: @MeirShpilraien `make setup` will install dev tools for any platform. Maybe we should play with order of operations. Also, I can deliver the redis installation with `./deps/readies/bin/getredis` (this requires some tweaking but that's a quick fix).

Author: Yes I know, but I thought to split it to redis installation and building RedisGears and I thought it makes sense to first install redis as Prerequisites. What do you think?

Reviewer: `system-setup.py` does really belong with the installation. I would have naturally would include the installation of Redis inside it (in fact, it's there for macOS), however, as on some systems it requires a build of it's own, and on other systems the package manager also installs Redis as a service, I felt that separating Redis from the pack was the right thing to do. I would prefer to install Redis in one command/script, and we probably do want to build it ourselves as most older systems would not have Redis 6 in their installer repos.

Author: @itamarhaber what do you think?

## Building

### Prerequisites
* Install git
for Debian like systems:
```
apt-get install git
```
for Fedora like systems:
```
yum install git
```

> * Install build-essential (or the equavalent to your system):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Install the build-essential package, or its equivalent, on your system:
```

> for Debian like systems:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for Debian-like systems:
```

```
apt-get install build-essential
```

> for Fedora like systems:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for Fedora-like systems:
```

yum install devtoolset-7
scl enable devtoolset-7 bash
```

* Install [Redis 6.0.1 or higher](https://redis.io/) on your machine.

```
git clone https://github.com/antirez/redis.git
cd redis
git checkout 6.0.1 
make
make install
```

* On macOS install Xcode command line tools:

```
xcode-select --install
```

### Clone
To get the code and its submodules do the following:
```
git clone https://github.com/RedisGears/RedisGears.git
cd RedisGears
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

### Compiling
Inside the RedisGears directory run the following:

```
./deps/readies/bin/getpy2
make setup
make fetch
make all
```

You will find the compiled binary under `bin/linux-x64-release/redisgears.so` with a symbol link to it on the main directory (called `redisgears.os`).

## Loading
To load the module on the same server it was compiled on simply use the `--loadmodule` command line switch, the `loadmodule` configuration directive or the [Redis `MODULE LOAD` command](https://redis.io/commands/module-load) with the path to module's library.

For example to load the module to local Redis after you followed [Building](#building) steps run:
```
redis-server --loadmodule ./redisgears.io
```

> In case you've compiled the module on a different server than the one loading it, copy the directory `bin/linux-x64-release/python3_<version>` (the version is the current version compiled) to the server on some location and give RedisGears this location using [PythonInstallationDir](configuration.md#pythoninstallationdir) configuration parameter (notice, the directoty name should not be changed).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you compiled the module on a different server than the one loading it, copy the directory `bin/linux-x64-release/python3_<version>` (where `<version>` is the version compiled) to the target server. Use the [PythonInstallationDir](configuration.md#pythoninstallationdir) configuration parameter to specify the path of the copied directory on the target to RedisGears. **Important:** the directory's name, that is `python3_<version>` should not be changed.
```

## Building

### Prerequisites
* Install git

> for debian like systems:

Reviewer 2: Should be Debian with capital D

```
apt-get install git
```

> for fedora like systems:

Reviewer 2: Fedora with a capital F

```
yum install git
```

* Install build-essential (or the equavalent to your system):

> for debian like systems:

Reviewer 2: Same

```
apt-get install build-essential
```

> for fedora like systems:

Reviewer 2: Same
